ngkbngk.jnsd ak.jsnv kbm k.ajbd f.ksvjadb ,nd ,mndd jh
ßµzjdnsb zxcbnnmsjcvcvbvascbjhvsd nmnkl,  ncdn masd 
ndb nsdb asdn sdnbsd fhmn dfnmb sdh ,kjmb j,hefmb henmb
 efjmb sf nmsdfb nmßð bsdfbsdfn sdfnmsdf nsdf 
nsdfbnmsdf sdfn b sdfnbsdfnbsdfv bnsdfvsd gnbsdfhnbsdf
ngkbngk.jnsd ak.jsnv kbm k.ajbd f.ksvjadb ,nd ,mndd jh
ßµzjdnsb zxcbnnmsjcvcvbvascbjhvsd nmnkl,  ncdn masd 
ndb nsdb asdn sdnbsd fhmn dfnmb sdh ,kjmb j,hefmb henmb
 efjmb sf nmsdfb nmßð bsdfbsdfn sdfnmsdf nsdf 
nsdfbnmsdf sdfn b sdfnbsdfnbsdfv bnsdfvsd gnbsdfhnbsdf
ngkbngk.jnsd ak.jsnv kbm k.ajbd f.ksvjadb ,nd ,mndd jh
ßµzjdnsb zxcbnnmsjcvcvbvascbjhvsd nmnkl,  ncdn masd 
ndb nsdb asdn sdnbsd fhmn dfnmb sdh ,kjmb j,hefmb henmb
 efjmb sf nmsdfb nmßð bsdfbsdfn sdfnmsdf nsdf 
nsdfbnmsdf sdfn b sdfnbsdfnbsdfv bnsdfvsd gnbsdfhnbsdf
ngkbngk.jnsd ak.jsnv kbm k.ajbd f.ksvjadb ,nd ,mndd jh
ßµzjdnsb zxcbnnmsjcvcvbvascbjhvsd nmnkl,  ncdn masd 
ndb nsdb asdn sdnbsd fhmn dfnmb sdh ,kjmb j,hefmb henmb
 efjmb sf nmsdfb nmßð bsdfbsdfn sdfnmsdf nsdf 
nsdfbnmsdf sdfn b sdfnbsdfnbsdfv bnsdfvsd gnbsdfhnbsdf
ngkbngk.jnsd ak.jsnv kbm k.ajbd f.ksvjadb ,nd ,mndd jh
ßµzjdnsb zxcbnnmsjcvcvbvascbjhvsd nmnkl,  ncdn masd 
ndb nsdb asdn sdnbsd fhmn dfnmb sdh ,kjmb j,hefmb henmb
 efjmb sf nmsdfb nmßð bsdfbsdfn sdfnmsdf nsdf 
nsdfbnmsdf sdfn b sdfnbsdfnbsdfv bnsdfvsd gnbsdfhnbsdf
ngkbngk.jnsd ak.jsnv kbm k.ajbd f.ksvjadb ,nd ,mndd jh
ßµzjdnsb zxcbnnmsjcvcvbvascbjhvsd nmnkl,  ncdn masd 
ndb nsdb asdn sdnbsd fhmn dfnmb sdh ,kjmb j,hefmb henmb
 efjmb sf nmsdfb nmßð bsdfbsdfn sdfnmsdf nsdf 
nsdfbnmsdf sdfn b sdfnbsdfnbsdfv bnsdfvsd gnbsdfhnbsdf
ngkbngk.jnsd ak.jsnv kbm k.ajbd f.ksvjadb ,nd ,mndd jh
ßµzjdnsb zxcbnnmsjcvcvbvascbjhvsd nmnkl,  ncdn masd 
ndb nsdb asdn sdnbsd fhmn dfnmb sdh ,kjmb j,hefmb henmb
 efjmb sf nmsdfb nmßð bsdfbsdfn sdfnmsdf nsdf 
nsdfbnmsdf sdfn b sdfnbsdfnbsdfv bnsdfvsd gnbsdfhnbsdf